Palestinians want to see much more of
this we're happy with my son's release
even though I have another son Muhammad
who's still in prison I hope he and my
nephews will be released from prison God
willing and Israelis want to see much
more of
this I have to start learning how to
breathe again because I really don't
remember how to do it I called a friend
the moment G was released and I told her
I don't remember how to
breathe the longer the ceasefire lasts
the more captives Hamas says it will
release the Israeli military says 145
people taken on October the 7th are
still being held in return Israel will
continue releasing some of the thousands
of Palestinians many held without charge
in its
jails nowhere does the ceasefire matter
more than in Gaza Israel's bombing
campaign has turned much of the strip
into
Wasteland we don't need a truce for one
or two days we need a ceasefire because
we're very tired and our children are
tired we keep searching under the rubble
for some clothes for our
children the priority is humanitarian
Aid under the terms of the agreement
more will be allowed into Gaza via the
Raffa Crossing with Egypt although the
UN has said it's not nearly
enough the Cal has allowed some
Palestinian farmers in Gaza to gather
what olives are left but Israel says it
will resume its operation to destroy
Hamas this may be the last olive Harvest
here Bernard Smith Al jazer